Translate GuidePanel and HelpText, remove text from InternalHeader. (#3424)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/fair-countries-admire.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": patch
---

> InternalHeader.UserButton: Remove `title` on icon and fix types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InternalHeader.UserButton: Remove `title`-attribute on icon and improved types.
```
